Marketing Ads Leads Call Status Data Tool to BigQuery
Cultural Dynamics and AI Supervision: Exploring the Interplay of Values, Personality, and Generational Trends Smart Food Ordering with BlandAI: Transforming Through Voice AI Enhancing PDF Export Flexibility in Excel Macros: A User-Centric File Management Solution Effect of gender, housing status, and geographical location on nutritional self-efficacy (NSE) AI audio and text conversational bot using livekit AI Receptionist | Voice Call Center | AI Lawyer | AI Sales Representative | AI Representative | AI Doctor | AI Coach | AI... Face Recognition with Deepfills Framework – Deepface Development of EA Robot for Automated Trading The Ultimate Collection of Multimedia Tools for Video Editing & Screen Recording (2024 Edition) Rising IT cities and its impact on the economy, environment, infrastructure, and city life by the year 2040. Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure, and City Life in Future Internet Demand’s Evolution, Communication Impact, and 2035’s Alternative Pathways AI tools for mechanical engineering, categorized based on their applications Civil engineering AI Tools and Software AI tools and software for Electrical Engineering, categorized based on their applications Chemical engineering AI Tools & AI Software Client:A leading Marketing firm in the USA Industry Type:Marketing Services:Marketing consulting Organization Size:100+ Prepare a daily report for the companies and upload it to BigQuery database. Data is from callrail and contains all call information about a company. Use CallRail API to get data from database. Run script daily Filter out excess data Prepare report Upload to BigQuery A working deployed automated tool that runs once a day in the morning hours and uploads the data to BigQuery database. Tool is monitored daily. Heroku CallRail API BigQuery Sheets API Python Data extraction, cleaning, and summarising BigQuery –  Call_Status_From_CallRail Heroku Ensuring proper data upload to database Proper monitoring of tool post-deployment. We provide intelligence, accelerate innovation and implement technology with extraordinary breadth and depth global insights into the big data,data-driven dashboards, applications development, and information management for organizations through combining unique, specialist services and high-lvel human expertise. Contact us:hello@blackcoffer.com © All Right Reserved, Blackcoffer(OPC) Pvt. Ltd